{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For the raster final project, my initial idea was to photoshop myself with a muscular male model. I thought it would be funny, but when I began the project, I realized that I don\'92t take many pictures of myself in the first place. So I decided to use a photo of myself where I was posing as if I were in the movie, \'93This is the End.\'94 All I had to do was search for a photo of \'93the rapture\'94 in the movie and add myself in it. I wish I added more details to the beam, though. \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 The creature that I made was from a sketch I made in 8th grade. It was meant for a creature design contest for a Facebook game, but a different artist won the contest. I must say, however, that as I look back at the sketch, my concept for this creature is very unoriginal. If you look up \'93Adventure Quest Djinni,\'94 you can see the blatant similarities (but mine doesn\'92t look as good). I\'92d say the toughest part of this project was wrapping the chain links around the creature\'92s arms. \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 With my vector project in mind, I wanted to create a scene that looks like it\'92s from a video game. I\'92ve always wanted to make animations with stick figures, so when I figured out how to implement an idle animation for my stick figure, I was very excited. Animating the text of my stick figure frame-by-frame, however, was very frustrating. It\'92s not hard; just tedious. If I were to update this project, I\'92d probably animate my creature frame-by-frame as well instead of using tweens. \
\
For this particular project, I decided to use typefaces that resemble cursive handwriting for titles because writing in cursive is what I do; It\'92s a part of my personality at this point. Then for these short excerpts, I chose to use Times New Roman because I personally find it to be the easiest to read. 
\f1\fs24 \
\
}